4/26 - 4/27 Standup
1. Reviewing eds-load changes, practice location defect fixes
	PracticeLocation result map logging
	building practice location
	collections processing/streams for provideraddress to get a list of practice locations
	important for me to understand
	other changes in provider service
2. Going through PanelResynch, NetworkResynch tests in provider synch and ProviderServiceTest
for getting practice location id in eds side and making sure that the projects
work fine on my machine, but also testing code and seeing if I can break it.
3. Keeping an eye on the address id, location provider updates to see how it will alter panel implementation,



1. Pushed code lookup-api, thats been deployed
2. Reviewing eds-load changes
	>logical delete flag recalc, Service and DTO class changes, 
	ProcessingOrchestrator, resynch and eds updates
3. Reviewing Provider-synch changes
4. Ramping up on this TAXID Update Provider Lookup
	>Went over material with Benyam as far as reference tables and priorities for that

1. 
Reviewing changes to SynchMerge

--------------------------------

5/31 Standup:

1. Reviewed changes in various services:
	reference table service reviewing network status update changes
	eds-load 
	quick meeting with anil to go over some common concerns with provider relationships, 
	he's working on the provider synch service i'm in eds but both facing some similar delays, move to 5
	i'll try to finish without reaching out to benyam

----------------------------------

6/5 Standup:

1. Last Friday: Working on the story, we've been having meetings with Anil and Benyam to check in for questions or concerns.
2. Reviewing changes made in various services:
	provider-synch orchestration topic updates
	new methods in the reference-table service, queries and relatedprovider stuff
3. Resolving a bit of an issue with my jar dependencies in intellij, should be taken care of soon enough.
4. Continue with story, and will try to start pushing updates soon.


-------------------------------------

1. Troubleshooting and resolving some issues with my VDI and SecureID. Locked me out for a minute.
2. Reviewing channges in Provider Synch and EDS-load to make sure I'm updated.
2. I will review with Benyam, and 